Here is the module summary.
This module covered the fundamentals of why leadership and communication
skills are so critical to your professional growth,
to your employer, to your customer, and of course,
to your new team.
We also dug deeper into the linkage and interconnection
between leadership and communication and that you just
cannot have one without the other.
We emphasized the importance of improving both of these skills,
leadership and communication, to improve your career opportunities,
your personal growth, and your ability to mentor and grow your team.
Lastly,
we revisited the course scenario where you've been promoted or assigned as
the new team leader and what your first steps should be.
We set the stage with the remaining modules on leadership and
written and verbal communication skills.
Okay, now let's see in the next module how if you know how to lead right, they will in fact follow.